#summary Functional Specification of Hawking Toolbar

==Primary Functions and Objectives==
  * Provide a simple, limited-input navigation mechanism between linked web pages based on document hyperlinks
  * Provide a simple, limited-input mechanism for viewing all the content on web pages

==General Design Principles==
  * Creation of two types of toolbars:
    *A simple toolbar for highly disabled users that navigates proprietary fixed size pages based on two input keys
    * An advanced toolbar that has added functionality to allow navigation of normal Internet pages based on 1-3 input keys
  * Visually accessible highlighting and selection of hyperlinks on screen
  * Easily accessible mechanism for walking through all the hyperlinks of a web document
  * Simple mechanism for selecting a highlighted link to navigate to.
  * Toggle mechanism for activating the stepping through links mechanism during a page visit.
  * Create a way for advanced toolbar users to scroll through the document and read it even if there are no hyperlinks.
  * Create a mechanism for discovering and displaying Cascading Style Sheet hyperlinks and hidden visibility hyperlinks to display to the user.
  * Create a trapping function which will disallow clicking links which take you out of the current domain as a trapping feature
  * There should be a preferences and settings menu from which a non-disabled user can customize the toolbar to fit the individual needs of the disabled user. The preferences and settings menu should allow the customization of:
    * Hyperlink highlighting (visual nature of how the link will be displayed)
    * Whether or not the links are automatically stepped through when the page is loaded
    * Customizing the input keys corresponding to all actions needed to navigate or view a page.
    * Stepping speed of hyperlink selection (how fast it goes to the next link)
    * Overall should really be focused on trying to customize the toolbar for anyone’s reaction and or usage abilities
  * An intuitive design, user interface, and input mechanism

==Requirements (prioritized)==
  # Logical Usage method as defined by disabled users
  # Functionality with limited input (1-3 keys)
  # Simple, intuitive interface

==User Types==
  * Highly Disabled 
  * Disabled
  * Administrator

==Toolbar Layouts and Design==
_Two types of toolbars will be created in this project, a simple and an advanced toolbar._
  * Simple Toolbar
    * Purpose: To provide the most disabled users with the simplest functionality toolbar with an extremely simple (3 buttons or less) user interface to the toolbar.
    * Design Goal: Make the toolbar have only two or three buttons. No scrolling functionality is needed here. The user will be trapped within a page that fits their browser and will only need to navigate between 2-3 links. The user may only have one switch for input and thus the iteration of loops should reflect this.

  * Advanced Toolbar
    * Purpose: To provide moderately disabled users with more functionality and scrolling capabilities with a more advanced yet still intuitive button set on the toolbar.
    * Design Goal: Implement more features such as scrolling and possibly text size changing or printing options that emulate a more robust browser experience. The user may have 2-3 switches that they can use to operate the computer and thus can experience more functionality from the toolbar.

==Use Cases==
User
  # Auto Iteration of Hyperlinks
  # Manual Iteration of Hyperlinks
  # Selection of Hyperlink
  # Page Scrolling
  # Toggling between Manual and Auto Iteration Mode

Administrator
  # Activate or Deactivate the toolbar
  # Turn off auto-iteration
  # Change the Link Appearance
  # Map keys to toolbar/navigation actions
  # Change the auto iteration speed

==Use Case Details==
_These use case details describe the functionality of the toolbar_

*U1: Auto Iteration of Hyperlinks*
  Auto Iteration of Hyperlinks will step through the links of a page and highlite them for the user. A timing setting will be important here to be customized by the administrator so that it matches the user's reaction time needs. Auto Iteration will do this without any input from the user.

*U2: Manual Iteration of Hyperlinks*
  Manual Iteration or manual stepping of hyperlinks allows the user to provide input via a control switch mapped to a keyboard key that will highlight each member of an Enumeration of all the links of a page in order.

*U3: Selection of Hyperlink*
  Once a user highlights a hyperlink using auto or manual iteration, the use of a control switch shall allow them to select this hyperlink as if they clicked on it with a mouse in order to navigate to that page.

*U4: Page Scrolling*
  Page scrolling allows the user to scroll down a page without Hyperlinks using one or more control switches. If the user has only one control switch, then page scrolling will scroll a defined screen width each time until the bottom is reached, at which time the next press of the switch returns them to the top of the page. Users with two switches may pick up the added functionality of scrolling up and down with the switches.

*U5: Pausing Auto Iteration Mode*
  There will be functionality that allows the user to pause the auto iteration of links. This allows the user to stop iterating through links and view the content of the page. When the user wants to resume, some input mechanism will unpause the iteration.

*A1: Activate or Deactivate the toolbar*
  In the preferences popup menu, there will be a "General" tab that has a check box to activate or deactivate the toolbar. Deactivating the toolbar will disable scanning of hyperlinks while saving the user configuration and not forcing  a restart of firefox to disable the system.

*A1: Toggle between Manual and Auto Scanning*
  On the "Scanning" tab in the preferences menu, there will be an option to choose between Manual and Auto Scanning or Iteration of hyperlinks.

*A3: Change the Link Appearance*
  On the "Appearance" tab in the user preferences menu, the administrator can choose the highlight color and width and the border color and width for the box that will highlight links on the page. Also, the administrator can turn off highlighting or bordering.

*A4: Map keys to toolbar/navigation actions*
  The User often uses special hardware called "switches" that emulate keystrokes. The "Switch Configuration" tab will allow the administrator to map keystrokes to certain actions on the toolbar to set up this special hardware.

*A5: Change the auto iteration speed*
  On the "Scanning" tab, the administrator can change the speed that the plug-in iterates through the links on a page in either milliseconds or seconds.